[Docs] Recommend the use of RGB light functions for code (#15745)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/feature_rgblight.md

!> By default, if you have both the RGB Light and the [RGB Matrix](feature_rgb_matrix.md) feature enabled, these keycodes will work for both features, at the same time. You can disable the keycode functionality by defining the `*_DISABLE_KEYCODES` option for the specific feature.

> ?> `RGB_*` keycodes cannot be used with functions like `tap_code16(RGB_HUI)` inside `encoder_update_user()` or `process_record_user()`. RGB [functions](#functions) should be implemented in their place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
?> `RGB_*` keycodes cannot be used with functions like `tap_code16(RGB_HUI)` as they're not USB HID keycodes. If you wish to replicate similar behaviour in custom code within your firmware (e.g. inside `encoder_update_user()` or `process_record_user()`), the equivalent [RGB functions](#functions-idfunctions) should be used instead.
```
